1. The Good Ending: The Living Conveyance Twist
Twist: "Your conveyance is a living thing that you have been using."

Context: The conveyance that the player has been using turns out to be alive, and has has absorbed part of the player’s essence to fuel its operations. It’s not just a tool—it has consciousness and connection to the environment, and the player has been exploiting it unknowingly.
Easter Egg: Players who choose to never use the conveyance or choose alternative methods of transport would unlock an ending where they realize that by avoiding the conveyance, they saved the creature from being exploited, or helped it maintain its integrity. 
            This also reveals that the conveyance was a vital part of the environment’s balance, and the player's actions kept things in harmony.

Ending: As the final moments approach, you are faced with the choice to use the conveyance and be sent back in time. But you, having either avoided or dismissed the conveyance throughout the game,   are now met with an alternate reality. 
        Instead of riding the living conveyance back to a better time which will ultimately end in this time -- this game -- because of your presence, you are instead transported to the same moment — but you’re not on the conveyance. You're standing beside it.
        You stand beside the conveyance, no longer bound to its mechanisms, as the world around you shifts. The time travel that was to happen has not been triggered by your actions—instead, you’ve caused it to never happen at all. Without the conveyance, the cycle never starts. 
        You feel its silent gaze upon you, and, for the first time, you realize that you were never meant to use it.
        
        Rather than being swept back to a better time, the conveyance’s deep hum tells you that it has allowed you to break the loop—it was never meant to take you anywhere. Instead, you were meant to choose a path where it is not controlled by time.
        
        The game’s final moments show you a glimpse of a peaceful, untouched world that you helped preserve by opting out. You’ve freed yourself—and others—from being ensnared in a loop that was never meant to be.
        
        Final Message: "Thank you"

2. The Medium Ending: Cyclical Repeats
Context: As the final moments approach, you are faced with the choice to use the conveyance and be sent back in time. Accepting, you find yourself suddenly alone, in a world with a more 
recognizable layout for the player.  Cheers go off around you as you are congratulated.  The sphere went up, and you (an undying entity outside of time) are being congratulated for it.
You sit back accepting the congratulations, shut off to the joy in the room, while you recognize what is to come and where you'll wind up.

Final Message: "Perhaps this time...it will be different."

3. The Bad Ending: The Sun Turns Off
Context: As the final moments approach, you are faced with the choice to use the conveyance and be sent back in time.  Rejecting, Jormundr speaks with the voice of the AI.  you have 
chosen poorly.  Darkness falls.  Looking outside, at the one constant of the game -- the sun and the sphere (whose control lights peeked over the horizon even at night) is nowhere to be seen.
Everything shuts down around you.