Phase 6: Working demo - keep adding individual game elements in a "test data" format
THINGS IN THE ROOM:
    update to a room masks approach which uses a 2d boolean array to mark which tiles in the room are walkable or non-walkable
            implement the enter command - standing at an adjacency doesn't move you to another room, either moving *through* it or using enter does
            implement the ascend/descend commands
            make an event when you get to an adjacency square print "you stand at a [description of adjacency]"
            make all coordinates 1-indexed
    add a second floor or basement
        not a ton to change here, but think of a good way to actually take that step -- i think it will have to be adding two commands: ascend and descend
    put trim command on all args in command entry

GAME STATE MODIFICATIONS
    introduce a new region
        first forray into large-scale game state modifications -- take some action which changes the region.  load a new set of rooms, items, characters, etc
            make sure that it initializes the player in the room, that the players inventory carries over, that old region objects are not still interactable
            there will be no going back -- this game is story driven not open world, so don't need to worry about persistance of taken objects for previous regions
    make the menu
        figure out how to make the current gamestate "displaying menu" which will disable all non-menu commands
            this will also be important when crafting, and in combat, and probably in dialogue states
                DONT mess with any crafting
        make sure to include a way to equip items
            this will be relevant to the combat system
    put crafting in the gamestate
        make the crafting menu, make a trap item, make the trap, make sure it works
            for small and large traps, this is easy.  just make sure something appears in them after sufficient time and transfer that into the inventory
            for defense traps...do i just have there be some variable chance among adversaries in the room with the trap that it fully kills them?
    add dialogue gamestate
        dialogue should be a unique game state separate from regular commands.  think the combat menu. the player will have options for what to say
        which vary based on both player class and npc type.  i'm not sure yet where to store those options
        this will impact friend and neutral npc's
    add bartering gamestate
        barter should be a subset of the dialogue gamestate.  the player's success on a proposed negotiation is determined by some combination of player char
        and npc shrewdness.  the npc should have essentially canned phrases based on whether the barter is a player success or player failure.
        some npc interactions which are entered into as the result of random events should be immediately in barter mode
    add combat gamestate
        this will impact enemy and neutral npc's
            enable fighting and hiding
                which mean setting up how enemies will attack YOU as well as their response to you attacking them
        make sure equipped items are working for all party members
    ***now make sure talking to, fighting, and bartering with neutrals works
    put a hint in the (room? game state? player inventory?)
        make sure the hint is useable.  regeneration is the next step
        hint command needs to be updated, as does player.java useHint
    put timed events in the game    
        start with hint regeneration
        how about health regeneration as well
        have some kind of clock tick that calls to random events periodically
            or have those events result from player movement.  decide here
                can technically change it later
    add status effects
        this is a natural follow up to having health regen -- some status effects will cause health drain
        having just set up some sort of timing system, it makes sense to say "x amount of time or x moves without food causes hunger status"
    put a morality field in the player object
        this really doesn't have to do anything yet and is as easy to update as health
            (when i'm typing this, i haven't begun thinking about coding combat.  maybe health was a nightmare to update, who knows)
    put a safe zone in the game (at this stage, it'll be room 1 out of the two)
        make the random events that are combat based not occur in the safe room
        make the safe room have an inventory
            make trapped items appear in that inventory
        build out the feature to locate the safe zone
            this one is a job and a half
            could i just say (safe zone is at [coordinates of all adjacencies needed to get to safety?])
    put an economic zone in the game (at this stage, probably make room 1 safe, room 2 economic, and add an adversarial room 3)
        make the random events that are combat based not occur in the safe zone
        make random barter events 
            have them only occur in the economic zone (yes, really.  when you're setting up the metalwoods, 
                                                        is some guy gonna try to sell you a fish while you're fighting the fomorian?)

MISC UPDATES   
    There is a deathsaving throw mechanic for the Friend class but not for you the player   
        add it
    update the inventory function
        rather than listing a million fuel cells if you hold a million fuel cells, format as
            fuel cell   50
            otherItem   1
            etc  
        also make sure it shows the inventory for the whole party    
    update the talk command
        it'll be relatively straightforward to make the player type "talk to [person]" and just disregard the first arg from GameCommand_TALK
    Do i want a theivery mechanic?
        probably
    put a quest in the (room? game? npc friend?)
        decide what quests do to gamestate
            probably it will have to change the region (major quests at least) once complete
        decide how to check for quest progress/completion
        decide how to accept quests
        decide whether quests come from java or json
            the json idea might be stupid
        at this point, implement leveling for party members and npc's
    make a map of the room
        draw it first
        then ascii it
        then figure out where it should be accessed from
            also should encountering items or whatever update the map?
    player leveling mechanics
        pay attention to the fact that both max and remaining carry weight will need to increase
        pay attention to the fact that party members should also level up here
        pay attention to the fact that this should come from exp -- that will make side quests worthwhile without fully breaking the game
        you can have exp from (fights, stealth acheivements, bartering acheivements) be static per region and scale with the leveling equation
    add an "introduction" screen
        this will be called from a method in game engine (which when i get to persistance, can be put in an if/else depending on what is passed into main)
        just introduce the game before proceeding
    reassess demo at this time  
        in the planning stage, currently seems like this is a full demo
    (assuming that the demo is in fact done) host the demo
        find out what changes need to be made to host the demo online
            if that isn't reasonable, update readme to provide detailed description of running the game
        tell friends to test it

NEXT PHASES
Phase 7: codebase creation
    create files for all items
        if the deserializer gives you issues, put json methods in the switch statements rather then before it (see characterdeserializer)
    and all spells
    and all npc's
    and everything and anything else
        pay close attention to the conveyance.  it'll be basically an npc i guess.  it will have an inventory with functionally no weight limit

Phase 8: persistance
    Create methods for saving and loading game states to test persistence.
    figure out when to initialize a region's rooms (and everything else)

Phase 9: the actual game itself -- start coding the levels one-by-one, modularly add them to the game